I went to the storefront
Very first
Of parts
Figure figure
Limit 5
As well as
Is there a most important that you purchase the posted price list
If you say why
Say to the
I'm homemade
As
The cap so there to figure Figure
Destroy
If the core does not come out
then
Erase
Head
It is in
cream
Tape head
If you lose that kind of looks cap
Is increasing
Can you supply
But
If you look at the parts price list
I understand at a glance
After confirming it
I think you should have purchased
Because I do not understand this
It is a mechanical pencil I bought a lot
As a
I can not get the core
There is also a case in which you change your way back
There is quite a lot
Depending on the manufacturer
With manufacturers who have prepared everything from 500 yen
More than 1000 yen
If not
I do n't have any accessories available
At all or say
The goods are
8 manufacturers
Because
Do is
Oh no
Depending on the parts
We will make sure
Second 2
Because there is such a reputation
We regard your gun extent of passing people
Then
Sharp god's
It is the number to put
4 bottles
You but there are words and deeds
Then complex
In the case of silk
To Japan
More than put you if you really new jam will occur
New block
It is a file occurred
Please take this cap
It is in this state
Since the core is inserted between here , if it is repeated several times if it does like this
Clogged new is beautiful
Because you can take
Do it anyway
If the core does not come out
Issued specialty store day
Collection
And you if you could you heal easily
It is sometimes going on pencil deterioration condition worsens
Ssu
Say it can
I think that you should buy it at a specialty store
As I mentioned earlier, Sharp
Or fall to cap becomes useless
Transform
I did not leave myself
How much weight you put in
Almost 90% of cases are not restored
Even if in any simple person
I will say
If it from the component name not to acknowledge
You of the can modify